Add caching for model downloading (#685)
metatensor/metatrain: docs/src/dev-docs/changelog.rst

Added
#####

> - Added caching ``load_model`` when downloading from Hugging Face.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When downloading checkpoints and models from Hugging Face, the files will be cached locally and re-used.
```
